Release/mesh 1.5.1 (#3500)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/1.5.x/features/kds-auth.md

2021-02-24T14:30:38.596+0100	INFO	kds.auth	Remote CP successfully authenticated using Control Plane Token	{"tokenSerialNumber": 1, "zone": "cluster-2"}
```

## Revoke token

> Kong Mesh does not keep the list of issued tokens. Whenever a single token is compromised, we can add it to revocation list so it's no longer valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong Mesh does not keep a list of issued tokens. Whenever a single token is compromised, you can add it to revocation list so the token is no longer valid.
```

> Every token has its own ID which is available in payload under `jti` key. You can extract ID from token using jwt.io or [`jwt-cli`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt-cli) tool. Here is example of `jti`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every token has its own ID, which is available in the payload under the `jti` key. You can extract an ID from the token using jwt.io or the [`jwt-cli`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt-cli) tool. Here is an example of an `jti` key:
```

```
0e120ec9-6b42-495d-9758-07b59fe86fb9
```

> Specify list of revoked IDs separated by `,` and store it as `GlobalSecret` named `control-plane-token-revocations`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a list of revoked IDs separated by commas (`,`) and store it as a `GlobalSecret` object named `control-plane-token-revocations`:
```
Not sure if "object" is the right word.
